http://www.photos-public-domain.com/

Bright Sun over Frozen Pond
High resolution photo of the bright winter sun low in the sky over a snow covered frozen pond. You can see cat tails and other tall grasses and reeds silhouetted in the foreground, and the leafless winter trees on the far side of the lake. The sky is bright blue with no clouds, and you can see the sun reflected in the snow on the surface of the lake or pond. There are goose footprints or tracks all over the pond.

Sun Through Winter Tree Branches
High resolution photo of the sun shining through the leafless branches of a winter tree with a bright blue sky in the background.

Water Splash with Sun
High resolution photo of a splash of water with sun in the background. The picture shows water drops flying through the air with a stream of water below.

Sun Reflected in River
High resolution photograph features the sun reflected in a calm river with trees on the river banks, and a blue sky.

Sun Through Fall Foliage
High resolution photo shows the setting sun shining through dead leaves, branches and other late fall foliage. In the background you can see leafless trees silhouetted against the sky.

Geese Flying Over Lake
Photo of four geese flying over a lake. The picture was taken in late autumn just before sunset. The sun is coming in at an angle lighting the bodies of the geese and making all of the auburn colored reeds and grasses by the side of the lake glow in a brilliant orange color. Above, there is a beautiful blue sky with a few white clouds.

Beautiful Autumn Day
High resolution photo was taken on an absolutely gorgeous autumn day. The trees in the foreground have beautiful brownish orange fall leaves, and in the background are several foot bridges, and hillsides covered with trees that have turning leaves with beautiful fall colors. In the foreground you can see the prairie grasses, and there is a bright blue sky overhead.

Tall/Golden Autumn Grass
High resolution photo features tall grass gone to seed turned golden in the fall. This autumn grass looks almost like wheat with the seed tassles in the sun. There is a blue sky with cotton clouds in the background.

Sun Shining through Fall Leaves
High resolution photograph features the sun shining through a branch of bright orange fall leaves with a bright blue sky inthe background. This picture says “autumn” to me!

Setting Sun at the Lake
High resolution photo of the sun setting. This picture was taken at a lake, and you can see the golden setting sun reflected in the water of the lake, with a few birds in the sky and geese in the water. The picture was taken in the late fall so you can see leafless trees silhouetted against the sky.

Geese Flying over Lake at Dusk
High resolution photo features a beautiful winter scene of geese flying above a lake at dusk. You can see reeds along the shore and a leafless tree silhouetted against the water and sky, and you can see mountains in the background.

Geese Flying over Lake at Sunset
High resolution photo of a small flock of Canadian geese flying over a lake at sunset. The geese are off to the left side of the picture, and in the foreground you can see a group of geese already in the water, silhouetted against the reflection of the sunset. The sky is filled with beautiful golden orange clouds and you can see a few leafless trees and hills in the background.

Artistic Backlit Autumn Leaves
High res photograph featuring autumn leaves backlit with a golden sun. The sunshine makes the little fibers on the edges of the leaves and branches glow.

Sun in Blue Sky with Cloud and Tree
High resolution photo of the sun in a beautiful blue sky with a white cloud and some green leaves on a tree in the foreground.